Angular Developer - Senior / Mid-Level .NET
Pridesys IT Limited
Vacancy
5

#Job Context
Pridesys IT Ltd. is seeking full-time Full Stack Developers for its offshore development team, whose primary focus will be on application development, maintenance, and support. Although you will bring your unique development expertise to the collaborative team, you will also join in with the design and development phases of the various processes. The role is responsible for our primary stack of .NET, although many other technologies deliver our products.

#Job Responsibilities
- Experience with C#/.NET and Angular to design, develop, and deploy applications.
- ASP.NET Web API, OData, Entity Framework code first, Asynchronous Programming in C#, LINQ, Lambdas, Func, Action, and other ASP.NET technologies.
- Solid understanding and experience with RESTful Web services implementation.
- Object-Oriented design and implementation expertise.
- A thorough understanding of the SOLID principles and guidelines and Software Design Patterns.
- OAuth, Identity Server, Access Mechanism, and ASP.NET Identity are all skills you should have.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities. Priority will be given to those with a proven track record in programming competitions.
- It's a plus if you're familiar with front-end web technologies like JavaScript (ES6), TypeScript languages like- Angular/React.

#Employment Status
Full-time

#Educational Requirements
Bachelor of Science (BSc)
B.Sc. / M.Sc. in Computer Science & Engineering from any reputed University or equivalent practical experience.
Those who can meet the job requirements but do not have a CSE degree are also encouraged to apply.

#Experience Requirements
At least 3 year(s)

#Additional Requirements
Age at least 22 years
Both males and females are allowed to apply.
Self-managed, independent, initiative, team player, and proactive.
Open to learning new technologies.
The mindset to code and do code reviews for continuous improvement.
Experiences are flexible for outstanding candidates.
Freshers are not encouraged to apply for this post.

#Job Location
Dhaka

#Salary
Negotiable

#Compensation & other benefits
Weekly 2 holidays
Lunch Facilities: Partially Subsidize
Salary Review: Yearly
Weekly 2 holidays (Office hour Mon - Friday, 10 AM - 7 PM)
Snacks and Tea/Coffee
Training opportunities
Yearly tour/picnic