Software Engineer




Overview

Flarie is a leading entertainment company providing brands with a scalable platform for gaming via advertisement to entertain and engage their audiences globally on any device or touchpoint.

Today Flarie working with brands such as Unilever, Universal, Klarna, Coca-Cola, SJ, TV4, MAX, and American Express.

Branded entertainment and gamification are growing rapidly – and we believe in a future where customers do not feel annoyed and interrupted by banners and ads.

Flarie is a fast-growing company based in Sweden where we are dedicated to developing innovative solutions that meet the needs of today's ever-changing technological landscape. As a young and dynamic team, we strive to stay ahead of the curve and make a real impact in the industry.

Our core focus is on delivering software solutions that are user-friendly, intuitive, and scalable. We understand the importance of delivering products that are not only functional but also aesthetically pleasing and enjoyable to use.

The Role

The Dhaka Development team is seeking a Software Engineer to drive meaningful impact for our customers. As a Software Engineer, you will own key platform features design, implementation, test, and development. We are looking for self-motivated individuals from all backgrounds, who are prepared to take on the challenges and opportunities that come from working in a fast-paced, early-stage company.

Primary Role & Responsibilities

Build powerful web applications using NodeJs, NestJs, NextJs, TypeScript, and ReactJs, 
Design and implement robust database schemas and perform efficient queries using AWS DynamoDB (primary database) and MySQL.
Develop e2e, integration, and unit tests to ensure code quality and maintainability
Contribute to technical architecture design for our new products and enhancements to current products
Collaborate closely with other software engineers, product managers, and designers
Contribute to sprint planning, make technical decisions
Ideal Background

B.S. and/or M.S. in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent experience.
2 - 5 years of experience building applications on a modern web technology stack.
Proficient in NodeJs, ReactJs, and TypeScript ( Preferable NestJs, NextJs )
Strong knowledge of databases like MySQL, and Redis. (Preferable DynamoDB)
Strong problem-solving skills with algorithms and data structure.
Experience with automated testing like unit, integration, and e2e test.
Strong communication skills.
Proficient in oral and written English.
Mandatory Requirements
Applicant must have  2+ years of professional experience in developing applications on a modern web technology stack.
Minimum 1+ years of working experience on Node JS with any database.
Cultural Values

Mission-driven and fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
A collaborative and flat company culture.
Cross-cultural team bonding/networking.
Open to feedback for continuous improvement
Benefits

Competitive salary
Paid leaves 
Carryover on paid leaves 
Free breakfast, lunch, and snacks
Yearly 2 festival bonuses.
Wedding Bonus.
New Born Bonus.
Parental Leave.
Yearly performance review 
Regular tours and events (national/international)
Access to training materials 
A good work culture
Work-life Balance
Workday: Monday to Friday

Salary: 70000 to 120000 BDT (we are willing to pay more to deserving candidates )

If you are a highly motivated Software Engineer who is passionate about delivering high-quality software products, we would love to hear from you.

Location:
Gulshan 1, Dhaka



Application Submission Rules

Our Mandatory Requirements must need to be fulfilled with above criteria.
Your resume pdf format will be [FullName]_[YearsOfProfessionalExperience].pdf, for example, John Doe_3.pdf.
If any of these rules are not followed, the application will be declined 